now he dropped some tea on the whole
divorce right because ISIL loves to talk
about his daughter loves talking about
his quote/unquote ex-wife well
apparently this quote/unquote ex-wife
that eyes will always be talking about
is actually still his wife and that man
the father-in-law is his wife's father
this is what this man is according to
the father-in-law you know he's a
selfish narcissistic egotistical bastard
basically lacking empathy is you know
the opinion of this guy now what I
thought was kind of funny about this
interview is that Noor vegan you know
he's the biggest [ __ ] narcissist
there is because he can't even focus on
the [ __ ] topic he would lead in with
a good question and then just let it let
it slide he wouldn't like go deeper into
it and instead he would turn the
conversation every [ __ ] time he would
turn the conversation back around on him
and his girl and the fact that his girl
shacked up with Harley but anyways he
you know just kept taking the
conversation back to him and Hannah like
I went to the video to hear about ISIL
okay and I wanted to hear about isil's
father-in-law and Nour vegan couldn't
even like for five [ __ ] minutes stop
talking about himself that the person
that I married you know fell in love
with married had kids with that person
is thought like completely gone do I
ever wish I was still with him short
answer no not at all uh
longer answer it's because of who he is
now he's not the person that I fell in
love with he's not the person I married
that person's gone so no I don't wish I
was still with him at all
but I'm digressing again now the
weirdest most strange thing about this
video is this man the father-in-law this
man's man yer isms and his inflections
in his voice and in the way he phrases
things it's really eerily eerily
creepily resembles eyes'll now what does
that mean that means that
aisel I believe through a few years of
interacting with this man
based his online persona and all the
mannerisms he exhibits on his
father-in-law but this one was so
interesting to me because it deals a lot
with the idea of identity tom is
extremely unsure of himself and is
constantly trying to reimagine himself
through traits that he finds he likes
and others this is particularly
significant when he meets Dickie and is
very infatuated by Dickie he decides
that he wants to become Dickie and this
feeling comes to a head when Dickie
walks in on Tom staring at himself in a
mirror in Dickies clothing I love what
this book at least the first half of
this book is is exploring the
relationship between Tom and Dickie and
it's rather ambiguous the extent of both
sides feelings towards each other and
there is definitely an implication of
something more romantic going on between
them this is something that both the
reader picks up on but also something
that the characters around them pick up
on and pass or the identity struggles at
Tom faces I think is due to his
homosexuality because it's definitely
not something that he has come to terms
with and it was something that was very
much condemned at a time at which this
was written okay now there's no way to
really prove this but again if you've
watched
aisel and then you go to watch this man
and you know that this man is older than
eyes'll and this man probably had some
sort of fatherly interaction with
eyes'll being his father-in-law being
the father of his what aisel claim is
his ex-wife but is still his wife you
gotta love the [ __ ] the celebrity
vegan marriage drama you gotta love this
[ __ ] I think after watching this
interview I think ISIL based his entire
personality and all the mannerisms and
and just who he was gonna be his online
persona he based on this man I mean it's
clear as day once you watch it and just
look at his mannerisms look at how he
interacts on camera listen to his
phrasing listen to the way he explains
things it looks like aisel pretty much
just copying it's a Eisen ripped him off
ripped off his entire personality which
leads one to wonder well what is isil's
real personality nobody will know
because he's a transient transnational
rootless scumbag Dan
Danton
[Music]